---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title:  Week of 11-14, FRQ requirements
description: Study FRQ types
permalink: /points/13
image: /images/points.jpeg
categories: [1.B]
type: plan
week: 13
---

## Plans Week 13
- Monday: ***Check #announcements daily, Review Trimester Objectives, Form Preliminary Teams, Schedule Student Lectures, Start Assignments, Verify Tools***
- Tuesday: FRQ1 Methods and Control Structure Tech Talk
- Wednesday Work Day (See Hacks and materials below)
- Thursday: FRQ2 Classes Tech Talk
- Friday: FRQ1 Live Review, Work Day
- Monday after Turkey: FRQ2 Live Review

## Trimester 2 Pre-Holiday Units #1-#10 Objectives
> Establish a ***clear focus/understanding on each FRQ type*** and obtain ***mastery in Units 1-10***.  Ensure Fastpages study blog is organized for student success.  Complete the pre-holiday work by ***planning frq and blog projects*** and ***ensuring college board elements are incorporated*** in projects.  Plan/Research databases and security technicals and incorporate ***ideation*** into the Tri2 N@tM ***issues and scrum board***.

> ***Points will be on following...***
- Becoming fluent in 4 FRQ types.
- Establishing mastery in Units 1-10.
- Completing Teaching requirement.
- Maintaining and demonstrate Fastpages, Jupyter Notebooks with Java kernels
- During Pre-Holiday students will be expected to complete Fastpages/Blog and Units #1-#10.  Additionally they will complete assignments on FRQs.
    - Every individual considers Fastpages tagging and searching on their blog.
    - Every student required to use Blog for both Study and PBL reference.
    - Revisions are encouraged after grading, these can enhance published grading through presentation in office hours.
- Student Grading of FRQs and Units #1-#10
    - Comments will be enabled on each assigned page within Student Blogs.
    - Student grader will comment and score on user comments on Blog page.
    - Each pair will score the entirety of pairs FRQs and Unit #1-#10 based on grader calculations.

## Trimester 2 Pre-Holiday Project Team formation
> Here is a list of ***required features***.  Students are allowed to select their own FE features and application purpose.
- Build off of a previous project, don't start from scratch
- Usage of Spring Security and JWT
- Usage of a Database (ie SQLite).  Or, use ***AWS [RDS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WwR2zbkQdQ)*** instead of SQLite
- Team Roles
    - ***Scrum Master needs to take accountability*** of Quality of overall Project at each presentation milestone.  They will assist in Frontend development.
    - ***Frontend Developer will be responsible for User experience*** and User functionality. They will understand APIs and how to fetch and format data.
    - ***DevOps will be responsible builds, broken builds, databases, loss of data, or github/merge failures.***  It is expected team has continuous integrations on AWS.  DevOps will assist in Backend Development. 
    - ***Backend Developer will be responsible for Database functionality and API interfaces.***  They will understand Curl, Postman and establish Backend Testers/Drivers.
- ***Each individual performs Full Stack development*** on Methods, Control Structures, Classes, List (ArrayList), and/or 2D arrays in FRQ development.

## Hacks 
> ***Implement 2019 FRQs*** using templates provided in lectures. ***Focus on the type*** of the FRQs that you are working on, determine how each FRQ type is different.  Note, ***the intentions are to makes each FRQ an AP and PBL task.***
- College Board FRQ information
    - [College Board FRQs, requires login](https://apstudents.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-a/free-response-questions-by-year)
    - ***If you are struggling, implement FRQs as they are defined,*** the evaluate  your success against this video.  [2019 FRQs explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdic9Fi_XTc)
    - Make a Jupyter Notebook(s) on each FRQ.  Make sure you build pages and tags on each unique type of FRQ into your Fastpages.
- Required Week 13 work
    - ***FRQ1 Due Friday.***  Complete FRQ1 hacks from lecture.
    - ***FRQ2 Due after Turkey.***  Complete FRQ2 hacks from lecture.


### Add FRQ Hacks to your study blog
> There are four types of FRQs required.  Add to your study Guide a Jupyter Notebook FRQ from each of these four types.  Make sure you correlate the solutions with your vocabulary.
1. Methods and Control Structures question
2. Classes question 
3. Array/ArrayList question
4. 2D Array question